Kubernetes Executor Documentation Updates (#1811)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-deployment.md

    - **Description**: Optional. Enter a description for your Deployment.
    - **Cluster**: Select the Astro cluster in which you want to create this Deployment.

>     - **Executor**: Select an executor to run your scheduled tasks. The Celery executor runs multiple tasks on a single pod. The Kubernetes executor runs individual tasks in an isolated Kubernetes pod and is a good option when when task reliability and running tasks in an isolated environment are the main priorities. The Celery and Kubernetes executors are good options for most uses cases. For more information about the Celery and Kubernetes executors, see [Airflow Executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained#kubernetes-executor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Executor**: Select an executor to run your scheduled tasks. The Celery executor runs multiple tasks on a single pod. The Kubernetes executor runs individual tasks in an isolated Kubernetes pod and is a good option when when task reliability and running tasks in an isolated environment are the main priorities. For more information about the benefits and limitations of each executor, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resources.md#choose-an-executor).
```

    - **Worker Type**: Select the worker type for your default worker queue. See [Worker queues](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).

> 4. Optional. Edit additional Deployment resource settings. See [Configure Deployment resources](configure-deployment-resources.md). If you don't change any Deployment resource settings, your Deployment is created with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optional. Edit additional Deployment resource settings. See [Configure Deployment resources](configure-deployment-resources.md). If you don't change any Deployment resource settings, your Deployment is created with the following resources:
```

>     - A worker queue named `default` that runs a maximum of 10 workers (Celery executor). Each of these workers can run a maximum of 16 tasks can run at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you're running the Celery executor, a worker queue named `default` that runs a maximum of 10 workers. Each of these workers can run a maximum of 16 tasks can run at a time.
```

    - **Description**: Optional. Enter a description for your Deployment.
    - **Cluster**: Select the Astro cluster in which you want to create this Deployment.

>     - **Executor**: Select an executor to run your scheduled tasks. The Celery executor runs multiple tasks on a single pod and is a good option for most uses cases. The Kubernetes executor runs individual tasks in an isolated Kubernetes pod and is a good option when a few seconds of latency during start up isn't a concern. For more information about the Celery and Kubernetes executors, see [Airflow Executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained#kubernetes-executor).

Reviewer 2: I would say the Kubernetes Executor is a good option for most use cases too.

Author: @frankcash I have revised the text - thanks!

>     - **Executor**: Select an executor to run your scheduled tasks. The Celery executor runs multiple tasks on a single pod. The Kubernetes executor runs individual tasks in an isolated Kubernetes pod and is a good option when a few seconds of latency during start up isn't a concern. The Celery and Kubernetes executors are good options for most uses cases. For more information about the Celery and Kubernetes executors, see [Airflow Executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained#kubernetes-executor).

Reviewer 3: > when a few seconds of latency during start up isn't a concern

when task reliability and running tasks in an isolated environment is the main priority

Author: @cmarteepants the text has been updated.

    - **Worker Type**: Select the worker type for your default worker queue. See [Worker queues](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).

> 4. Optional. Edit additional Deployment resource settings. See [Configure Deployment resources](configure-deployment-resources.md). If you don't change any Deployment resource settings, your Deployment is created with:

Author: @jwitz sorry, it's not clear what _specific_ edit you're requesting here. Can you clarify, or implement the edit you think is necessary?
